partitioned-table: remove some restrictions on global index (#19382)
pingcap/docs: partitioned-table.md

To partition an existing non-partitioned table or modify the partition type of an existing partitioned table, you can use the following statement, which copies all rows and recreates the indexes online according to the new partition definitions:

```sql

> ALTER TABLE <table_name> PARTITION BY <new partition type and definitions> [update indexes (<indexes defintitions>)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ALTER TABLE <table_name> PARTITION BY <new partition type and definitions> [UPDATE INDEXES (<index name> {GLOBAL|LOCAL}[ , <index name> {GLOBAL|LOCAL}...])]
```

### Partitioning keys, primary keys and unique keys

> This section discusses the relationship of partitioning keys with primary keys and unique keys. The rule governing this relationship is as follows: every unique key on the table, including the primary key, must use every column in the table's partitioning expression, because the primary key is also a unique key by definition.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section discusses the relationship of partitioning keys with primary keys and unique keys. The rule governing this relationship is as follows: every unique key on the partitioned table, including the primary key, must use every column in the table's partitioning expression, because the primary key is also a unique key by definition.
```
